Automatically delay Active Job enqueues to after commit (#51426)
rails/rails: guides/source/configuring.md

end
```

#### `config.active_job.enqueue_after_transaction_commit`

Controls whether Active Job #perform_later and similar methods automatically defer
the job queuing to after the current Active Record transaction is committed.

It can be set to `:never` to never defer the enqueue, to `:always` always defer
the enqueue, or to `:auto` to let the queue adapter decide if it should be defered
or not. Active Job backends that use the same database than Active Record as a queue,
should generally prevent the deferring, and others should allow it.

Example:

```ruby
Topic.transaction do
  topic = Topic.create(title: "New Topic")
  NewTopicNotificationJob.perform_later(topic)
end
```

> In this example, if enqueue after transaction commit is enabled, the job will

Reviewer: Is this right? I think I'm confused about what disabled/enabled mean here.

```suggestion
In this example, if enqueue after transaction commit is set to `:never`, the job will
```

be enqueued immediately, even thought the `Topic` hasn't been committed yet.

> Because of this, if the job is picked up almost emmediately, it will fail to

Reviewer: Or if the transaction rolls back after the job is enqueued (e.g. we could lose the connection when trying to COMMIT)

end
```

#### `config.active_job.enqueue_after_transaction_commit`

> Controls whether Active Job #perform_later and similar methods automatically defer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Controls whether Active Job `#perform_later` and similar methods automatically defer
```
